according to these two testimonies the house of helium ran the same fate of the ugly
they said it before seeing the commercials somehow that tim vidal
for his role in capturing Abimael Guzmán with his role too
in the provisional government and in the capture
from vladimiro montesinos him
converted is
a symbol created for most
of the Peruvians
is somehow the exemplary policeman
for some reason since a few days
ain the amount of information
for apparent good mind a campaign to discredit him
we have had serious doubts about how
face this issue we believe that all issues have to be addressed
but they have to be treated responsibly
and we have believed that
the best way to do it
will try to concentrate what is intended to be said against him
the successive sides times against the general vidal this week from the
moment we made contact with Mr. Venturo
coins
this man
that has to be said is demanded by justice
that he does not deny his links the general vidal himself with him at some point
it says very serious things against general life
I think you have to listen to them
it does not mean that you have to create them
especially
when this man for what we have known these days pretend and evaluated
I did to the congressional committees and even the prosecution
I understand that he is going to face and a problem because he is a person who
has a request to say that the day it is presented is probably going to be
stopped
however, they have shown a disposition
that's why we're going to hear what venturo says
and as we have talked with General Vidal who is not here because
he is not sorry
of a psychic condition
that allows him to sit in a television studio is a man who is very
hit at this moment
we will then have a telephone communication with him about what is going
do with respect to this man's testimony
and what has been said about me
in the past
7 there were eight days
let's see what he holds first
venturo coins
the accuser
of General Bidart
the general antonio ketín vidal herrera could be the only son minister of
fujimori
that until today has not been accused of corruption kimora linking bad management
of state money
also in his long police curriculum
having been present in the capture of Abimael Guzmán known as the
capture of the century and it was he who brought back to Peru nothing less than
I speak miner neighbors towers the former strong man of cinema
the one who was fugitive during the couple and two months
by ap to reasons the general that capital earned the nickname of ing
for public opinion to mark distance with colts officials of the
government of fujimori
but last week a TV report confirms it
in the result of a long investigation eye p
that linked the general vidal in the purchase of real estate
a story in which he was introduced to a subject who was never seen with
clarity
that could only be recorded hidden
as the main accused married order
this week the Sunday magazine revealed the mystery
found the whereabouts of paint or coins ramírez
in an exclusive interview
shiva as the man who claims to have been in charge of buying expensive
properties for inguinal quique
and that today is willing to cut not
all your truth as a people
the first amendment
on the street station where he lives
147 thousand dollars
one
from the house where general antonio ketín vidal lives
and in the street yazmín san borja dyn according to the general what a house
borrowed by a relative of his who has always helped him financially in
run that this house called too much attention
he saved it because it is inhabited by a well-known former minister of state and his
wife in general a family socially resend adam
of this house never generated suspicion the company pariciones age this man
Invented Uruguayan Julie Ramirez here we find this week and who says
be one of ex close collaborators of vidal herrera that the loaded to buy
houses with general money
on behalf of third parties
a vehicle coins this house and the 1st div several houses that he himself bought
by order of the general and for which linkedin vidal go gundy mile in vivo a
best
a product and the yoro north custom-made ore from the nest
by those of louis van gaal
on the first move of di
in the head according to where they live
147 thousand dollars
the second
the second division
drain 60 thousand dollars
The third time
humble employee on the court
150 thousand dollars
forgetfulness
di luca m 39
as a button shows
a 151
150 thousand dollars
he got the prize in cash
the money was always given by the same general
it's amazing and an environment
where I was going
build with 12 units
venturo a julio is a real estate agent for several years
as he says
ketín vidal or contact for the first time in 1995 interested in a house for sale
announced in journalism the nasa come someone so sun
we indicated san borja
already in the second entry they also share
white marble min
a poster in the common room